repo-updater: skip enqueueing unmodified repos (#8548)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Zoekt's watchdog ensures the service is down upto 3 times before exiting. The watchdog would misfire on startup on resource constrained systems, with the retries this should make a false positive far less likely. [#7867](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/7867)

> - Updates every repository on every repo-updater sync [#8501](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/8501)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A regression in repo-updater was fixed that lead to every repository's git clone being updated every time the list of repositories was synced from the code host. [#8501](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/8501)
```

> - A regression in repo-updater was fixed that lead to every repository's git clone being updated every time the list of repositories was synced from the code host. [#8501](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/8501)

Reviewer 2: maybe include the default interval in the message.
